[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer,
who has participated in a covert
military space program for 18
years called the
Earth Defense Force.
Today, we are talking
about how to know if you've
been in a secret space program.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me, Emery.
>> Before exploring how we
can find out if someone was
in a covert space program,
what is the "secret"
in "secret space program"?
>> Mostly, it has to do with the
level of compartmentalization
and secrecy about how the
personnel are acquired,
trained, and deployed, which is
so covert that most individuals
return from a tour of service
without even remembering full
recollection of what
they experienced.
It's so secret that
more often than not,
the soldiers and personnel
themselves, when they return
from duty, don't remember.
That's how secret it is,
that they're not even
supposed to remember where
they were and what they did.
>> There's a lot of people
watching that suspect they were
in a covert, secret
space program,
and why wouldn't they know
they were in a covert,
secret space program?
>> Well, the, quote,
unquote, "memory wipe"
which I have talked
about before,
which is not so much a
memory wipe as it is a memory
suppression.
So if you think of
the brain as a bowl
and you think of the contents
of the brain, of your mind,
as a fluid or liquid within
the bowl, water or whatever,
that's all your thoughts, all
your memories, and everything.
The memories associated
with a covert tour of duty
would be like a balloon
filled with water,
and then put a cork in
it so that it's separate,
contained, but within
the wholeness of the mind
and the brain itself,
so that the person
in their regular
daytime thinking
is floating around
in the thoughts that
are in the open bowl, but the
compartmentalized portion,
if they can't get through
that cork, which is usually
through technological,
cryptographical code words
and things that can access
back and forth into that memory
compartment, most of
the time-- otherwise,
the memory is completely
corked off, contained,
and separate from their
normal day-to-day experiences.
So most people
just don't remember
what's in there, again, because
it's self-contained here,
so what's happening
here is separate.
What happens is some of
this memory over here
starts to seep out,
starts to bleed out
a little bit, and so
flashes of things,
random unaccounted-for
traumas or reactions.
>> What may trigger that?
What causes that, Randy?
>> What causes the--
>> The leak-out of
that memory, let's say.
>> Well, scientifically, we
understand that it's probably
a certain amount of
natural causes, that the--
if we were to think of, again,
this, your brain and your mind
here, if the mind has a
kind of a will of its own--
which it does, and we'll
call it the subconscious
for this conversation-- the
mind, your subconscious,
has a sense of the
wholeness here,
and it has a sense
that something
is separate from the whole.
And so your
subconscious is going
to want to return what is
separate back into the whole,
and it's going to want
to pull some of that
out so that it can get access
to it and pull the cork out.
Most people, the subconscious
has a drive towards wholeness.
It doesn't like
feeling separate.
It doesn't like feeling
divided amongst itself,
and it wants to
return to wholeness.
There does also seem to be a
time factor, as if you were
to set a timer when you
create this compartment,
and there are so many decades
later when it just starts--
that cork starts to
come apart, or it's
going to naturally start to
pop out because of something
that has to do with time.
Over time, a certain
number of decades,
20, 30 years in some cases,
when people start to--
this compartment, the
cork starts to move,
or it starts to seep out.
And they start having
really intense emotional,
psychological, or
physical experiences.
>> Now, are there any common
childhood memories one would
have?
>> I'll say that there's sort
of a Venn diagram of some
different experiences that
not every person will have,
but that if a person has one
or more of those experiences,
it starts to check
boxes on that, you know,
you're pointing in a direction
that they may have been
in a program.
So most common things
are dreams, recollections
or memories, and any
type of experience
that doesn't seem linear,
meaning you can't just
place it back-- oh, this
happened exactly when I
was this years old, and it
happened this linear way.
They kind of just pop in.
And so when something just
pops in and it's not linear--
and there's usually
an association
with military activity,
military structure,
military organization.
With someone who's never
been in the military
describes to me an
experience of being a child
and being mustered--
which, anyone who's
been in the military knows,
when you muster troops,
you're organizing them
and pulling them together,
there's a certain
protocol for that.
Someone who's never
been in the military
would have no idea why
or how that would happen,
wouldn't have any idea
why they would remember it
from an eight-year-old
brain or recollection.
And more often than
not, when people
come to me, that's a very
common thing, to say,
well, I remember
something weird.
When I was a kid, it seemed
like they were organizing us
together and
putting us in a line
and walking us from
one place to another.
I'm like, OK, you got mustered
and walked from point A
to point B.
That's a check that
makes a question mark,
and I won't give someone a
thumbs-up or a thumbs-down
until I've had a chance to fully
assess what they do remember,
what they know about their
childhood, their childhood
experiences, parents, parents'
jobs, parents' careers that
can sometimes come into
play there, and make
an assessment of that.
But there's more than, you know,
a handful of things that have
to appear on that
list, but that'll--
>> And what techniques are
you're using to extract this
information from--
>> Mostly just
conversational interview.
It's just, I know
what I'm looking for,
so I start asking
questions that are
going to get me the answers
of what I'm looking for or not
what I'm looking for.
And things that aren't
what I'm looking for
will go into this
category, and things
that are what I'm looking
for will check boxes.
And once I check
enough boxes, then we
move on to another step.
>> Now, there are people that
have been subject to mil-lab
programming that think they
may have been part of a covert
secret space program
but they have not.
What can you tell us about that?
>> Unfortunately, there is a
real messy area here that--
again, another Venn
diagram of things
crossing over with
one another, where
you have a legitimate
experience,
you have brain injury
or psychological trauma,
and you have mental
health conditions.
This is not to say that a
person having legit experiences
is crazy or has a head
injury, but it's also possible
that a person may
have one or more
of all of these things
happening at once.
So it's possible for someone
to have anxiety, depression,
and some other mental
health symptoms,
have also some experiences
of a legitimate experience,
and also have symptoms or
signs of a head injury or brain
trauma, in which case, then,
you're trying to decode
or decipher what to do
with all of those things.
And the sad truth is I call
this place where all of this
comes together in this Venn
diagram "brain oatmeal,"
and unfortunately, there
are a lot of people who,
the process is really
hard on the psyche,
on the emotional body,
and on the physical body,
on the neurons.
There is a number of people that
come out of these experiences
with what a doctor might call
a minor traumatic brain injury,
but if you were probably
to do a SPECT scan,
you'd probably find lumps and
holes and things that are--
>> Physical brain damage.
Wow.
>> Yeah, indicative of some
real physical brain damage.
I know several people,
including myself,
that have had to actually
heal that brain damage
and recover neurological brain
activity because of that.
And so we know how to walk
people through the process.
We know how to go through steps.
It's never a guarantee because
the person has to be really
fully engaged in the process,
and unfortunately that "brain
oatmeal" part means that
some people we can work with,
and some people we
can really help.
And some people, it's
not a matter of, again,
trying to say, I'm
sorry, I don't think you
had a legitimate experience.
I say, well, you may have.
You check a certain
number of boxes over here
on legitimate
experience, but I'm also
seeing tremendous
amount of anxiety,
tremendous amount of
depression, chronic maybe,
or even paranoia.
That's hard to work with.
And then you start
having more conversation,
and you're finding gaps in logic
or pathing or problem solving
that become indicative
of a brain injury.
And all of those things can
be possible at the same time
when you're dealing with
someone who's been post-program,
so it's tricky to
assess all of that
and then do what
best I can, we can,
to direct them to
someone more professional
if it looks like they
need medical attention
and they need to get
something looked at.
And I actually have a
student who was an Iraqi vet
and had an IED go
off next to him
and got a severe traumatic
brain injury from it.
He's recovered himself almost,
like, a hundred percent.
I mean, he couldn't talk
right and couldn't hardly
motor-skill right.
They put him back
on the job, and he
was dedicated to
repairing serious brain
damage from an explosion.
So I want to point out,
first and foremost,
don't listen to anybody
in medical science
tell you that you
can't fix brain damage
or you can't fix damaged
brain tissue, because you can.
It just takes a tremendous
amount of time, energy, focus,
and work.
>> How about the people out
there that do get triggered
by watching a space
program or movie or a show,
that they start to believe that
they possibly may have been
part of a covert space program?
>> That's something, again,
that, you know, 20 questions,
I'm going to suss that out by
question five, OK, for sure.
But yeah, it happens,
and it's rampant.
And unfortunately,
I don't know what
the answer to the cure of our
social narcissistic personality
disorder problems are,
but yeah, it's a mess.
And there's a lot
of them, and I think
they should all be vetted.
>> Right.
Exactly.
>> I think they should all
have to take polygraphs.
I think they should all be
willing to be scrutinized,
because I think, in many cases,
it's just patently ridiculous.
And I realize that
may be the pot calling
the kettle black in some
cases, in some people's minds,
but for someone--
>> I do believe this show brings
that out in people as well.
>> Sure.
Yeah, well, again--
>> Yeah, they hear
your story or my story,
they go out and they
start researching,
and then the next
thing you know,
they have recall of some
sort that they believe.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, and like I
said, if I were,
and my partner, if we
were discerning a subject
to determine what to do
for them and with them
and guide them
through the process,
sussing out whether
someone's just not worth
my time, her time, or
our time, and you know,
might suggest they go talk
to somebody else or something
and, you know--
>> And for the audience, I think
they should know this happens
a lot more often, I think,
not speaking for yourself,
but even myself and Gaia
TV, where they do their due
diligence in looking
for people like that.
>> Yeah, I mean, it does.
It certainly is a--
it's a difficult thing.
You know, I go through
the screening process
with everybody.
That's the best I
can do at this point.
>> There are people who watch
this show who, all of a sudden,
they have-- they believe
and think they have a memory
of something similar.
So how do we discern
that from the reality?
>> Again, there's a list, and
someone comes to me and says,
I have this one thing, I
go, OK, that's one thing.
And then I'm going to
ask a bunch of questions,
and if they have a
legitimate experience
with legitimate memories and
a psychological, emotional
pattern that matches a
legitimate experience,
then I'm going to pick that out
in a five-minute conversation.
I'm getting pretty
good at this, so
that it doesn't take very
long for me to suss out
where someone is on that chart.
So if-- within 20
questions, again,
I'm going to be
really clear that, OK,
this person has one thing that
they think they have a memory
of or maybe have a memory
of, nothing else, right,
is basically what I'm going to--
>> Yeah, right, like what if
they only have a few memories
and don't complete
the entire story?
>> I would basically direct that
person to some self-awareness
and some self-discovery and
see what they come up with.
And at that point, someone's
kind of on their journey,
but if they start pulling
up stuff that seems,
again, legitimate, I'll be
like, OK, let's work with that.
>> Is it possible, Randy,
that the more people that come
forward, like yourself, that
this creates a, let's just say,
an energy entity in the
morphogenic field which others
maybe pick up and
get downloaded?
>> I think that's also
possible in some cases.
A lot of people who come to me,
I would say the vast majority
are incredibly
skeptical of what's
happening, of what their own
experiences are occurring.
So, usually, the
first thing is, I
don't know what's
happening here,
I might be losing my
mind or something,
er, I got some questions.
So a healthy
skepticism is a sign
of a healthy mind in this
situation, so someone who's
a little too ready to embrace
this much information--
>> Sure.
Yeah, got it.
>> --too ready to run
with it without more--
confirming their own data
and doing their own deep work
into their own
mind-- because you
have to have an understanding
of the relationship
with your conscious and
your subconscious mind
if you're going to
get at these memories
that I'm describing,
like in this bowl, right?
There's no other way
to do that than--
I mean, there's a
couple things that we
can do to prod the brain,
but the individual themselves
has to get out the
pickax and the shovel
and start doing the work--
>> Right.
>> --as they're digging away.
So--
>> In addition to that, is
there any specific way to test
if the individual-- you know,
if you could verify that they
actually were enlisted?
>> Yes.
Yes, I can run name, date, date
of birth through a database,
and we can find out all kinds
of stuff from the database.
>> Fantastic.
>> That's pretty recent.
>> Yeah, that's really great.
>> That's within the
last couple of years,
that that database has come
together and that we have
access to that, so--
>> How would someone on their
own be able to go through this
verification process?
>> Complete and total guesswork.
>> Oh.
>> If you're not a
professional in this field--
which, at this point, I'm
probably the most qualified
professional in this
field just by having
to be a person who has had
to do it myself and walk lots
of people through the process.
So if you're not a
professional in the field
and you don't understand this
fully, then you're guessing,
and so I encourage
people not to guess.
I encourage people
to want to get
to the truth and the facts--
>> Right, yeah.
>> --so that they can
be an appropriate actor
of what's happening
in their lives,
because it may or may not
be what they think it is.
And it may or may not be--
you know, may have to-- they
think, oh, maybe I
have to go do this.
No, maybe it's really over here,
and you want to go do this.
But getting clarity and truth
is the most important thing.
>> Right, yeah.
And what would you tell someone?
What would they do
after they verify
they were in the program?
>> At that point, it's teaching
basic psionic self-defense,
basic meditative skills, same--
all the stuff that we teach
at the University of
Conscious Evolution,
so that people can
then center themselves,
get their own memories back, and
work on psionic self-defense,
because I guarantee one of
the first things that's going
to happen when someone starts to
dig into their own memory core
is there will--
attacks will come.
>> Right.
>> Tripwires will happen, and
so without solid grounding,
centering, anchoring,
psionic self-defense,
you're just asking
to be a punching bag.
So there's, again,
protocols that we
teach people to make this as
least difficult, least horrible
of a process as possible.
There's no way to make
it pleasant and nice.
I'm just going to be honest,
there's no way to do that.
>> Right, yeah.
>> But there is ways
to make it not suck,
and that's really the goal here,
is to help people make it not
suck.
>> That brings me to--
>> I hear a lot of people--
I just want to say this.
There's so many people who
come to me or who I talk about,
and they are struggling so hard.
And they can't get out of the
part where it's just miserable
and it sucks all
the time for them,
so I just want everybody
to know, I feel your pain.
I understand it.
I've been there.
We've been there,
and we just want
to help people walk through
the process, really.
>> Now, some individuals say
they have been, you know,
mind-wiped of all
this information,
of their memories of this,
and it slowly trickles back.
Well, why in the first place
do they have to mind-wipe them?
>> That's a good question.
I don't know that they have to.
I think it's a--
>> Is it a protection thing?
>> It's a choice
based on, you know,
keeping things and
information secure.
>> Right.
>> So if your goal is to keep
a vast amount of information
completely secure, and you've
set up a barrier so that
the personnel who have the
experiences of that information
themselves don't recall it,
anything less than that is
going to feel less secure.
So we're really trying to
motivate people internally
to get away from this because
the damage of what we have
to keep repairing and
picking up from people
is really unnecessary,
in my opinion.
But as far as the personnel who
make that secrecy a priority,
it's important to them enough
to do it and ruin people's lives
with it.
And we think that it's
more important to not
ruin people's lives,
and there's better ways
to keep that information secure.
>> So how does it work
when they've already been
mind-wiped, but yet, now they're
going on another mission?
>> So again, it's
not a mind-wipe.
It's really about
either a suppression
or a compartmentalization,
so again--
>> Does that open up again for
them to realize what they went
through?
>> Let me try and describe that.
So again, we have the
bowl of your brain.
The water, the fluid,
that's your mind,
and a balloon with
a cork in it, that's
the compartmentalized
knowledge and information.
So instead of the
cork coming out,
what happens is, when
the person is redeployed,
it's more like hooking
two jumper cables up
to the compartment
and connecting it
straight to the frontal lobe so
that it doesn't have to connect
with the rest of the mind.
It just jumps straight into
the front of the brain,
and then with a mere
flip of a switch,
it's frontal lobe-connect
or frontal lobe-disconnect
from that compartment.
>> So I get letters.
You get letters, emails.
People are wondering how
they can join a covert space
program.
>> The selection process is
not on a volunteer basis.
>> How do they select?
>> There's a long list of
criteria which can be used
to select.
Almost certainly,
at the top of that
list will be some understanding
of the person's genetic coding
or their history
of family genetics
that would incline them to be--
have certain
propensities genetically
or be able to have genetic
augmentation or gene
therapy that would enhance
those genes to make them
field operable, preferable.
But it's not always that.
Sometimes-- it's not
always from birth.
It's not always from families.
Sometimes, it's
when they're kids.
Sometimes it's testing when
they're in elementary school
or kindergarten.
>> Some say their parents were
military or with government
agencies, and is this
something you see in common?
>> Yes, also if the person in
question has family members who
are military
intelligence branch.
There was certainly
a time period,
especially in the '60s,
if someone had parents
who were in the military,
in an intelligence program,
those people were encouraged
to bring their kids
in for testing.
So that was a dense period
of, if you had family,
then there was a really
good chance that someone
was bringing you in for
testing at some point.
And if you pass
enough tests, then you
move on to something
else, into a program.
>> Let's talk about
the new Space Force.
I mean, in joining a space
force or a space program,
does that give you
better access to the SSP?
>> You know, I don't know
about whether Space--
what's true with Space Force.
I guess if there was a
department that would probably
have the quickest
access, I would
say that someone would want to
find their way into Naval Space
Command.
That would probably be--
>> Yeah, I believe that, too.
>> Yeah, probably, but
good luck with that, too.
>> Right.
>> That's not super
easy-peasy either,
but that would be my suggestion.
But I don't know.
I don't want to nitpick
or pick on Space Force.
>> Right, you don't want to--
>> But they're new, so until
they're not new anymore,
I don't want to make fun.
But they've got a
long ways to come
before I feel like they're a--
>> Well, they're new.
Like, we both know they're new
because that's the title that's
out there, but it's
kind of already
been there for quite a long
time under different-- you know.
>> Yeah, and I haven't
heard what everyone's trying
to lateral in and bring
under the umbrella.
I've been hearing that there's
been some arguments about that,
and some people are saying we're
supposed to bring everything
into this umbrella.
And there are some
people saying,
F you, we're not coming
under your umbrella.
That's what I've
heard, so I don't know.
Maybe you've heard
different, but--
>> Well, we do have a lot of
people out there claiming,
that are non-military, that
they were part of the SSP,
compared to the-- of the
military that do claim that
they were.
>> Sure.
Most military personnel
would know to shut up--
>> Right.
>> --you know, and would just be
conditioned and trained to shut
up.
I didn't want to do this.
I was conditioned and
trained to shut up,
and I had to be convinced.
So people, I think, who
are military trained
are trained to button it up,
and loose lips sink ships.
>> So why do these people that
are non-military claiming to be
with the SSP be chosen for it,
number one, and number two,
have these memories and come
forward without keeping it
classified?
>> I mean, the number one reason
is really personnel shortfalls.
So the covert military space
programs, across the board,
don't have enough
boots to fill--
enough people to fill
boots to do jobs.
So they are always looking
at personnel shortfalls.
So where they are
recruiting from,
drawing from, in some cases,
is not from, you know,
disciplined, organized,
trained ranks.
In many cases,
they're people who
are being brought in almost
as civilian-- the equivalent
of civilian contractors
to do a task or a job
because they've got a propensity
to do one thing or maybe
two things.
And so at that
point, that person
is just a cog that someone
said, you'll fit nicely here,
and stuck them there
because they needed a cog
to go in that spot.
>> And why keep them around?
Shouldn't they be
just so expendable
that we'll just find
another Randy Cramer
or clone that person?
>> Because there
are people watching,
our neighbors from out of town,
who are watching how we conduct
ourselves, and if we just went
around vaporizing our personnel
when they were retired--
>> Well, Randy just had a
heart attack last night for no
reason.
>> --it would reflect badly
on the way that we treat
our veterans.
So we can't just vaporize
people once that they're done.
So there are some
rules on how we're
supposed to be treating
those personnel,
how we're supposed to be getting
them back into civilian life,
and how we're supposed to be
taking care of their health
care and so forth.
These are things
that are treaty--
locked into treaties,
and we're not
doing a hundred percent of that.
And I--
>> Are you aware of, any of
these veteran SSP people that
you've mentioned, is there an
organization that they belong
to that you guys meet up or--
>> No.
No, everyone's just kind of
winging it at the moment,
trying to sort out, through
their chain of command,
what options they have
and what they can do,
and it's different
for every person
to try and sort that out.
And I know a number
of different people
that have had a very
successful process with that
and some people who
have had an incredibly
unsuccessful process with that.
So it can go either way.
>> Why doesn't a covert space
program recruit from within
their own ranks?
>> Oh, they certainly
do, but again,
it's personnel shortfalls.
They just need way more
bodies in boots and jobs
than they have.
And so that means
looking elsewhere,
looking to corporate
contractors,
looking to other personnel
agencies that will find you
those personnel that you need.
You know, you send
them a list, I
need a hundred of
these people that
have these characteristics,
can do these jobs,
and another agency
will go, all right,
I'll go find a
hundred people that
match these qualities
and characteristics
and bring them to you.
>> How are those people
approached, then?
>> They're not
always approached.
Sometimes they're just taken
in the middle of the night
and then integrated
into a program
without them knowing about
it, but-- or sometimes not.
Sometimes, they do
recruit from internal,
in the military personnel.
There are regular Army, regular
Marine Corps, regular Navy,
regular Air Force
personnel who do get moved
into one of these programs.
If they're excellent enough
and they're outstanding enough,
then that can happen, or
they have a skill that's
really specialized and needed.
A lot of the people
that I've talked to
and who've gone from
regular military jobs
to covert military jobs, it
was something really technical
that they were really
good at, that there
was one out of a
thousand people that
could do that job that way,
and that's why they got
moved into a different position.
>> What do you think the
numbers are out there, Randy,
of people like yourself that
are aware, not to say they all,
of course, came to the
front with the information,
but that are out
there right now?
>> I have to be careful.
I can't necessarily give
any kind of exact numbers,
but just based on numbers of
personnel recruited and entered
into programs per year
for the last 30 years,
and then those people that would
exit those programs so that you
would have so many veterans,
so many decades later, exiting
those programs every year--
>> With recall, mm-hmm.
>> Right.
Well, with-- not--
with or without, right?
>> How about with recall?
You know?
>> Well, with-- let's
just say, total,
that number would be more than
a hundred thousand personnel per
year more than personnel per
year that would be exiting
a tour of duty and coming
back into civilian life.
So you add up a couple of
decades of more than a hundred
thousand people per year,
you're talking about more
than millions of people.
It's a lot.
>> Oh, fascinating.
>> And I would say--
and I would say,
of those that have memory
recall, 1/10 of a percent.
>> Well, we're glad to have you
here talking to the world about
it.
Randy, I want to thank
you for being on the show.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]